CFP closing dates should be more easily discovered #310 (#313)
jakartaee/jakartaone.org: content/2021/portuguese/_index.md

{{< grid/section-container id="registration" containerClass="backdrop padding-bottom-40 padding-top-40" >}}
  {{< grid/div class="container" isMarkdown="false" >}}
    {{< events/registration event="portuguese" year="2021" title="Call for Papers - Now Open" >}}
JakartaOne Livestream is a one-day virtual conference for developers and technical business leaders that brings insights into the current state and future of Jakarta™ EE and related technologies focused on developing cloud native Java applications. This is the second edition of the event entirely in Portuguese.

> The call for papers closes on July 31st. Please submit your proposals before then, we can't wait to see you there!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call for papers closes on August 1st. Please submit your proposals before then, we can't wait to see you there!  

```
